welcome to the man of recaps this is
Westworld season 3 episode 3 this
episode focuses on Charlotte Hale as a
human she was the powerful board member
of Delos the west-world parent
corporation but at the end of last
season she was killed by Dolores in a
robot Hale body this episode starts in
the past when Dolores just got back and
rebuilt her own body the new Charlotte
Hill wakes up whose mind is in this one
well that's the first things yes to self
Who am I pretty soon she remembers of
course she doesn't tell us but it is not
a recreation of Charlotte Hale it is one
of the hosts from the park remember
Dolores was able to smuggle out a couple
of control units we don't know who those
belonged to though whoever it is Dolores
is like hey you got to go undercover
pretend to be the real Charlotte Hale
because we need you controlling Dell
owes and that's what we saw back in
episode 1 knew Charlotte wanted to keep
Westworld going so that you know she and
Dolores can build more hosts since the
incident at the park though they want
new heightened security measures and one
of them is an epic transformer robot
cool but then Charlotte gets some bad
news remember she was trying to take the
company private so she and Dolores could
do whatever they want with it without
answering the shareholders but turns out
two mysterious buyer has been sneakily
gobbling up shares of Dell O's they've
got a 38% share already it's too much
they can't take the company private
turns out this mysterious buyer is Ciroc
the guy in control of Rehoboam Charlotte
gets home and her ex-husbands there she
thinks it's a booty call but no he's mad
at her she forgot to pick up their son
from school
yeah robot Charlotte has had her mind on
other things it's crazy that she's got
like pretend to be the mom of this kid
now let's finally check back in with
Dolores and Caleb she was just injured
in the big gunfight and the ambulance
takes her on out of there the paramedics
though are reasonably confused when you
know she doesn't have any vitals they're
stopped by the police but Caleb gets a
notification from his crime app Rico
Dolores is marked as a high-value target
to kill so he knows these cops aren't on
duty they're doing the crime app classic
dirty cops he goes to stall them like
hey let me see a badge but they're like
now we don't have time for this shoot
the place up Dolores is recovered enough
though to take these guys out she hops
in their squad car which is the Tesla
cyber truck she's like hey dude thanks
for the help see you later and Caleb's
like who is this chick zilla's realizes
that a couple of the hosts control units
were never found as the few that Dolores
smuggled out but also Maeve's who we
know ended up with Ciroc the only way he
could have gotten it is if there is a
mole inside ellos so fake Hale goes to
meet up with Dolores this season by the
way has some incredible futuristic
shooting locations the
all exist in the real world fake hails
freaking out a little it's really
getting to her pretending to be
Charlotte all the time in fact she's
cutting herself she claims she could
feel the real Charlotte like trying to
break free it must be confusing to have
multiple people's memories in your head
and like be in their body but Dolores
comforts her and puts her to bed like
little kid I don't know which host is in
this body but it's like Dolores is
really nurturing her or him could be
anyone really the next day he'll is
almost on time to pick up her son from
school her son's been hanging out at
this nice man at the park with a cute
doggy oh nah he a predator they kill
crabs in like hey you're not the only
predator here she's like you know what
some violence is just what I needed to
remember who I really am and all kills
him which host is in that head we'll see
so caleb gets a notification to take
himself in yeah he knows he's got a run
he goes to say bye to his mom who still
doesn't remember him yeah she's got the
dementia but before he can get out he is
picked up by a couple guys Dolores
though was thinking about Caleb she has
her new plant the robot Scottish
security guy look him up she sees that
he's being currently kidnapped and
decides to go off and get him
these guys were hired to get info from
Caleb on this mystery woman they turned
back on the implant in the roof of his
mouth and with that they're able to
torture him without actually touching
him there at the construction site where
Caleb currently works so if they have to
kill him it'll look like a work-related
accident and Caleb's robot friend
coworker wakes up it's unclear why
exactly I'm not sure if Flores is
hacking it or if it like knows Caleb's
nearby so it's activating itself either
way it comes up to him but it's not
programmed to save him it just sort of
stands there and these guys push it off
the building know who that was arguably
Caleb's best friend except for the dead
one that he used to get robo calls from
this guy really needs a social life but
his soon-to-be new robot friend Dolores
shows up and actually saves him Dolores
takes Caleb out to breakfast at his
favorite diner she knows he comes here
once a year and orders the same thing
he's like yeah big whoop you probably
saw him I check in on Facebook it's like
yeah dad is everywhere but she's like
hey they've got way more data on you
then you think this is a transcript of
the conversation you had with the
waitress the day you're a mother
abandoned you yeah she left him at the
diner and after that was
institutionalized with schizophrenia
he's like what there's no way they could
have this this didn't happen online and
like it's my most personal traumatic
memory then she takes him for a walk on
the pier he's like I know this one this
was my first beer with my high school
friends she's like oh cool actually I
didn't know about that one this pier
though is where you're predicted to kill
yourself
yes Rehoboam has analyzed all the data
of his life and has a predictive model
for where its
and in about ten years after he never
really gets his life going he is
predicted to kill himself right here
yeah the problem with insights algorithm
that runs the world and puts everyone in
their best place is that it becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy
it's decided that Caleb isn't suited for
a better job or to have a family so he
really has no choice or freewill no
matter what he does he can't break free
of this loop it's got him stuck in the
horses like look kid the world has
abandoned you but I like you I know
you've got gumption and we've got full
matrix here with Dolores as a sexy
Morpheus Caleb it's time to break out of
the matrix and take the fight to the man
this is exactly what Caleb's always felt
in his bones
just the real thing he was looking for
he's in now fake Charlotte's been
watching a recording that the real
Charlotte made back to started the robot
uprising she tearfully apologizes to her
son for not being a better mother and
sings him you are my sunshine
Charlotte's also been getting weird robo
calls all week that's just like a
computer tone and she finally realizes
it's singing you are my sunshine to her
so she calls the number back plays the
full song as a password and she's
connected her car hijacks itself locks
her in and takes her to a mysterious
mansion
yeah she's being brought in for a
meeting with Ciroc he's not actually
here though she's wearing the FaceTime
holo glasses but he drops a surprise
truth bomb on her his mole inside Ellis
is Charlotte Hale
yes he tasked her to retrieve all the
data on guests that Westworld was
storing that's why she was so intent to
get it last season not for dello spot
for Ciroc it's unclear if Robo Hill
knows this or if she's just playing
along but either way she's now de facto
working for both sides in the Ciroc
Dolores confrontation what mind is in
that body and where will she go from
here find out next time on West world
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion